---
title: "switching to hugo"
date: 2018-08-04T17:39:38-04:00
slug: "hugo"
---

It's time for a change. I really like [Ghost](https://ghost.org/) and
enjoyed seeing the transition to version 1.0 and beyond. It wasn't a
perfect match though -- Ghost is a product to rival WordPress and
other blogging platforms, and this isn't a prolific site. My goal has
been to document some of the _side projects_ I've messed around
with... though after four years I've ended up with about a post a year
(and half of my posts have languished as incomplete 'drafts'!)

A couple of my friends (and historically, most of the greater
Internet) use static
sites. [Gabe](http://students.cs.uri.edu/~gdepace/) happily authored
his student page in a text editor a couple of years ago, and it was
refreshing to see that I can understand the contents of 'View Page
Source' just as well as the final rendered product (to be fair, there
are some pretty cool products like [Glitch](https://glitch.com) which
are aimed at making modern web tech more accessible!) More recently,
Paul introduced me to [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) via the [Newport
Data Project](http://newportdataproject.org/) which uses [GitHub
Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

A huge attraction to Ghost was the
[Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) editor along
with access to third-party themes -- I don't know much about CSS and
that's unlikely to change soon. But there are many ways to skin a cat,
which is why I'm switching to [Hugo](http://gohugo.io/). It gives the
same ability to author posts in Markdown today, with options to use
[version control tools](https://git-scm.com/) that I'm familiar with
to track changes, and I will eventually switch to writing in
[org-mode](http://orgmode.org/) and/or leveraging the incredible
[pandoc](http://pandoc.org/) in the publishing process.

In the meantime, however, I'm happy to also play around with web tech
that I think could be useful for future posts. As a part of this
switch I'm experimenting with \\(\KaTeX\\), which is now embedded in
the site, as well as considering the [Vega](http://vega.github.io/)
suite of tools for future visualization experiments.

I'm also going to keep the drafts visible in their unfinished state --
they represent ongoing projects and should reach completion or
termination... someday...
